README.md, before:

[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/pzhin/go-sophia)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/pzhin/go-sophia) [![codebeat badge](https://codebeat.co/badges/dd136517-c8e3-4ab2-8ab4-ae34645cc826)](https://codebeat.co/projects/github-com-pzhin-go-sophia) [![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/pzhin/go-sophia?status.svg)](https://godoc.org/github.com/pzhin/go-sophia)

# go-sophia 
go-sophia is a Go (golang) binding to the Sophia key-value database (http://sophia.systems/)

#Installation
First of all you need to install Sophia. Download it from http://sophia.systems/, and build.
The makefiles don't include an 'install', so you will need to manually install somewhere where Go can find the headers and the libs.
	
		export CGO_CFLAGS="-I/path/to/sophia"
		export CGO_LDFLAGS="-I/path/to/sophia"
		
Or

	CGO_CFLAGS="-I/path/to/sophia" \
    CGO_LDFLAGS="-L/path/to/sophia" \
    	go get github.com/pnevezhin/go-sophia`
    	
And then build your project with flag for static linking

	--ldflags '-extldflags "-static"'

Commit message:

include sophia souces to golang library to make it easier to install it add some more badges add travis-ci

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/pzhin/go-sophia.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/pzhin/go-sophia) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/pzhin/go-sophia/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/pzhin/go-sophia?branch=master) [![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/pzhin/go-sophia)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/pzhin/go-sophia) [![codebeat badge](https://codebeat.co/badges/dd136517-c8e3-4ab2-8ab4-ae34645cc826)](https://codebeat.co/projects/github-com-pzhin-go-sophia) [![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/pzhin/go-sophia?status.svg)](https://godoc.org/github.com/pzhin/go-sophia)

<a href="http://sphia.org"><img src="http://media.charlesleifer.com/blog/photos/sophia-logo.png" width="215px" height="95px" /></a>

# go-sophia 
go-sophia is a Go (golang) binding to the Sophia key-value database (http://sophia.systems/)

#Installation
The [sophia](http://sophia.systems/) sources are bundled with the go-sophia, so you should make only `go get github.com/pzhin/go-sophia` to install it.

#Library information
Used Sophia v2.2 (commit 1419633)
